TELCODOCS-1920 - Telco RAN and Core RDS 4.16 updates (#78304)
openshift/openshift-docs: telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-du-overview.adoc

include::modules/telco-ran-managed-cluster-resources.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* xref:../../telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-software-artifacts.adoc#ztp-telco-ran-software-versions_ran-ref-design-validation[Telco RAN DU {product-version} validated software components]

include::modules/telco-ran-hub-cluster-management.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/telco-ran-du-reference-components.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * For details of the telco RAN RDS KPI test results, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7076937[Telco RAN RDS KPI test results overview].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For details of the telco RAN RDS KPI test results, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7076937[Telco RAN RDS KPI test results].
```

To match the article name 100%

> This informtion is only avaaible to customers and partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information is only available to customers and partners.
```
